[Narrator] Last Dragon Ball Z
Kai! The Saiyans have arrived!
Time to find out whether Goku's
intense training with King Kai
will give him the
strength he needs
to withstand these
powerful foes.
Back on Earth, Goku's friends
have used the Dragon Balls
to wish him back to
life. But before Goku
can join them on
the battlefield,
he first has to reach
the end of Snake Way!
Will he make it in time?
The race is on--now!
♪ rock music ♪
[Narrator] Yamcha's Struggle!
The Terrible Saibamen.
Who are they?
What are they?!
They call this place
Earth, right?...
It's not as bad as
I was expecting.
Yeah.. but before we start
with the sight-seeing,
how 'bout we say
hello to the locals?
[laughing] Go easy on 'em.
[Tien] What the...darn it...
It must be them...What have
those monsters done?!
[Tien] Oh man!
Whoa.. This is
intense.
[Laughing] I don't think I made
a big enough impression.
Maybe I should try again.
It'd be best if we left
it at that, Nappa...
The more damage we do now
the less of a price we'll get
when we sell this planet.
Oh, right. Well, that's fine...
We should probably start
looking for those
what-cha-macallit Balls
that grant wishes anyway.
They're called Dragon Balls...
And the first thing we need to
do is find the one
who beat Raditz
and extract a little information
about their whereabouts.
Oh yeah...
Now of course, if
the Dragon Balls
were being held somewhere
in this vicinity...
Then our chance to wish
for eternal life..
just went up in smoke..
Now, didn't it?
All because you had
to "say hello".
S- Sorry Vegeta...Guess I
really wasn't thinkin'...
It won't happen again.
Forget about it.
What's done is done.
Now, let's try to scope out
the highest power
level on this planet.
Finding the one who beat Raditz
should be as simple as that.
That's strange...
According to my scouter
there are multiple readings for
power levels over one-thousand.
Why would there be
so many of 'em?
Just take it easy...There's no
reason for us to be alarmed...
As I said we find the one
with the highest power level
and go after him.
I got him. Looks like two
fairly high readings
right next to each other.
Yes. Seems you're right... What
do you say we go have some fun.
The cause behind the large-scale
earthquake is still unknown
to authorities at this time.
Reports are flooding in
that attempts to
contact Metro East,
which is in the epicenter,
have been unsuccessful,
causing grave concern for
those within the city.
No...No... It's the Saiyans--
they've arrived...
Let's go then. This thing'll
tell us exactly where they are.
Did you see what just happened?
There's no way I'm
going with you!
Wait.. I'll go with you Bulma!..
I'm sure Yamcha will be there,
and he'll need all
the help he can get!
Hold on now.. We better not...
It wouldn't be a good idea...
Our power levels are much too
weak for us to be effective...
Our best bet is to stay here
and just hope for the best.
Oh, Goku.. Where are you?
We need you, Goku!
[Goku] Hold on guys. I'm coming
as fast as I can!
This is fantastic!...
Compared to Planet Vegeta, the
gravity here's next to nothing!
Makes flying around a breeze!
Here they come...man,
they are movin' fast...
They're heading in the direction
of those other two big powers.
That must be Piccolo and Gohan.
Gohan.. Be ready.
They're coming right for us.
Right.
Chiaotzu...Go find a safe
place to hide, okay?
No way!.. I'm coming, too!
There is nothing to fear...
Remember, compared
to one year ago,
you and I have managed to
increase our power ten-fold.
I'm ready.
There's someone else closing
in from that direction!
And there, too! Feels like
they've got us surrounded!
Wait, so you mean there are more
than two Saiyans coming for us?!
Look out, they're here!
Hey!... Long time no see..
Piccolo.
Oh, it's just you, huh.
And what exactly do you
think you're doing?..
You do know that you're
just gonna get in the way.
Then again...
I'm guessing you won't be the
only fool taking part in this.
Right... The whole gang's
coming... I just happened to be
the one who's closest
to where you were.
I remember now...
You're the one I saw at
Master Roshi's place, right.
Yeah, the name's Krillin..
You sure have bulked up since
the last time I saw you...
Almost exactly like Goku,
when he was your age.
And you grew up with
my dad, didn't you?..
He's told me lots of
stories from back then...
So you're the one who used to
train to make up for being short
Hold on.. Goku told
you what now?
Hey you two...enough of your
small talk! They're here!
[laughing] Look at what we
found.
Three pathetic insects doing
their best to look tough.
You can give them
credit for one thing.
They at least seem
to know who we are.
It looks like they've
been waiting for us.
I'll say this once.
Forget whatever business
you have here and
leave this planet.
This is your first and last
chance to get out of this alive.
That voice! I see...
You're the one who defeated
Raditz a year ago, huh?
How do you?
Come now...Didn't Raditz
tell you?..
Our scouters also work
as communicators.
Hey.. I think the green
one's a Namekian.
Yes...No doubt about it... It
almost makes sense in a way
that Raditz would've had a hard
time with the likes of him.
Okay, so what's a Namekian?
Not only are they known to have
above-average power levels,
Namekians are said to have
mysterious hidden
abilities as well.
[Piccolo] So.. I'm.. one of
these.. Namekians?
[Vegeta] I've also heard that a
chosen few are capable
of performing tricks, almost
like a magician... A ha...
You must be the one who created
these Dragon Balls. Aren't you?
No way! How could those two
know about the Dragon Balls?
We not only know about 'em, it's
the main reason we're here...
Now just hand 'em
over, nice and easy...
Your friend here
may be Namekian..
but you're bugs to us;
and you're gonna be crushed
by our Saiyan power.
Is that..right?... I
guess I should start
by thanking you for teaching
me about my ancestry...
But.. you're wrong
about two things...
Firstly, I had no hand in
making the Dragon Balls.
As you can see.. I'm more of a
warrior than a simple magician.
And you're wrong if you
think your "Saiyan power"
will save you from me!
Oh Kami.
I...I had no idea...
For the first time in my life
I have heard about my origin.
...Now I know why I have always
possessed special powers.. Yes.
It's true.. I'm the one who
created the Dragon Balls..
a very long time ago.
It all makes sense now.
I attempted to create
the Dragon Balls in answer
to a deep yearning.
When I finally succeeded, I felt
as if I had made it home...
or rather, as if a piece of home
had found its way to me...
Oh, and Nappa.
Take off your scouter.
What
These pests are able to raise
and lower their power levels
in response to
their opponent...
Which makes our scouters
totally unreliable.
Right, good thinking,
Vegeta... I remember now,
that's how that weakling
Raditz got himself killed.
He got fooled by his scouter's
readings and lowered his guard.
Raditz? Isn't he the
Saiyan that was so tough
that you and Goku had
to team up on him?
And still you were just
barely able to beat him?
They're calling him weak?
Alright.. Enough talking.
Let's see how these pests
handle themselves in action...
Hey Nappa..
We still have six of those
saibamen left, don't we?..
Get them ready, would you.
Ah, Vegeta...You and your
twisted sense of humor.
S-Saibamen?
What..are they?
Yep, looks like six it is.
This soil should do nicely.
Soon you'll be telling us
everything we wanna hear.
Woah.. What the heck
are they doing?
There.
[crubling earth]
Eww.. They're gross!...
But, at least they're
shorter than I am...
[creepy alien barking]
[alien yelling]
Your targets are the
three in front of you...
Give them a once
over, Saibamen.
[alien yelling]
[fight sounds]
Gohan...Do not lose your nerve.
Right.
It's about time we
go on the offensive!
[Chiaotzu] Krillin!
Tien, hey! And Chiaotzu...
You came too?
[Tien] I was under
the impression
there were only two Saiyans.
Well.. a lot's happened...
Now there's eight.
Two, eight, makes no difference
to me...So who's the kid?...
I assume that's
Goku's little boy?
[Krillin] Yeah.. Piccolo here's
done a good job
of training him.
What's up?...
Sorry I'm a bit late.
Hey, Yamcha!
[Yamcha] Looks like everyone's
here but Goku, huh?
[Vegeta] One.. Two.. Three..
Four.. Five.. and Six.
Interesting...
That's the exact same number
of Saibamen we have.
What do you say?...
Each of you can take turns
fighting one of our Saibamen.
Let's see what happens.
You know...a game...
We're not here to play games!..
And we're not going to
fight on your terms!..
We'll take you all on at once!
Whoa Whoa, Easy now. Maybe it's
not such a bad idea after all.
This game can buy us some
time until Goku gets here.
I'm up for it. These little
creeps don't scare me...
I could use a good warm up...
[laughing] That's the spirit!
Fresh meat for the grinder!..
But give it a minute --
you won't be so cocky
when you see what these
'little creeps' can do...
You'll be going first...hit him
as hard as you can... Got it?
Yeah!!
Oh yeah, that'll show 'em, Tien!
Awesome!
There's no way!
A Saibaman's power level
is twelve-hundred!...
Every one of these guys
is supposed to be
about as strong as Raditz was!
[Vegeta] All that means,
is that the three-eyed
freak here is stronger.
B-But I...
A simple miscalculation.
But the data says...
[laughing] It's fine... If
anything,
it should make our little game
here even more entertaining...
Vegeta...Wh-What was.. that for?
He made the grave mistake of
underestimating his opponent...
And I believe I specifically
told him to hold nothing back.
Man...That guy's a creep...
[Piccolo] He's ruthless...
If this is the way he
treats his allies...
don't expect he'll be showing
any mercy to his enemies...
Now.. Who wants to be next?
Uh...Yeah...I'm ready
for ya.
[Yamcha] Hold on Krillin.
Yamcha?
Let me have a crack at 'em... I
think it's time I showed these
thugs that no one comes to
earth and pushes us around.
But Yamcha...
I'm just as capable of...
You've already been wished back
with the Dragon Balls before.
I haven't. So, if anything
bad does happen,
at least we know that I
can be revived, right?
Let me take care of this one...
I'm gonna wipe out all
five of 'em at once.
Ah, look at the
friends. How precious...
Well?.. What are
you waiting for?
All right then... Let's get
this over with! C'mon!
[Goku] I don't know why,
but I've got a bad
feeling all of a sudden...
Hold out for as long
as you can, Piccolo..
I won't slow down until
I'm there. I promise!
They...vanished!
Wrong Gohan...They're just
moving incredibly fast...
Try to feel out their
energies, like I taught you!
Feel.. their energy?
[Piccolo] Come on...You're the
only one who can't see them.
What?.. Everyone but me?
[Piccolo] Concentrate...
Let your body take in
your surroundings...
[Gohan] See with my body,
not my eyes.
[distant fight sounds]
See them now?
I see them!
Got him!
No.. way.
Alright, that's it!
Yes, way to go!
Woah.. did you see that?!
[cheering]
Not again!
It looks like these
little Saibamen of yours
aren't nearly as powerful as
you made them out to be.
Why you...!
Easy, Nappa.
I'll save my friends
the trouble
and take care of the
last four by myself.
[Vegeta] Now that,
I'd like to see.
Too bad I won't
get the chance...
[Yamcha] What?
Get off!
No...Fight 'em...
[explosion]
Yamcha, no!
There... Now that's
more like it.
That thing's insane!...
It just blew itself up!
Is he--?
Guys.. We lost him.
Yamcha no! Tell me
it's not true!
Please Yamcha, get up! Please!
Yamcha! Yamcha! Yamcha! No!
You must've had a feeling
somethin' like this would
happen, huh? That's why you
insisted on going before me...
Darn it!
Why'd you have to go and play
the hero, you stupid jerk!
What am I s'posed to tell
Puar and Bulma, huh?
What was that idiot
Saibaman thinkin'?...
I don't wanna see a draw!
I wanna see a win! C'mon!
Let's go to the next round!
[Vegeta] Calm down, Nappa. Now
let's give 'em a moment
to clear this trash
off the battlefield.
How dare you! Everyone..
stand back!
'Kay buddy... This one's for
you. I won't let you down...
I'm gonna make them pay...
for what they did!
[Narrator] The Saiyans have
claimed their first casualty.
Yamcha...Anguished by the
loss of his friend,
Krillin's fury is about
to be unleashed--
next Dragon Ball Z Kai
[Goku] Hey! It's me, Goku!...
I still have a little ways to
go, so hang in there everyone!
[Tien] Chiaotzu, why in the
world would you want to
fight one of those monsters?!
[Gohan] Chiaotzu, no!
[Tien] I'll do everything in my
power to avenge your sacrifice,
Chiaotzu...Take this,
Saiyans! It's all I've got!
[Goku] Next time on Dragon Ball
Z Kai: Sit Tight, Chiaotzu!
Tien's Screaming Tri-Beam!
[Gohan] Hurry up, Dad! We need
you!